OSDOCS-12049 multi-arch upgrades (#82455)
openshift/openshift-docs: upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc

Upgrades are manually initiated or automatically scheduled. Red Hat Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) monitor upgrade progress and remedy any issues encountered.

//The following note should be removed when the entire HCP fleet is confirmed multi-arch
[NOTE]
====

> If your control plane is not currently multi-architecture enabled, the upgrade process will first migrate the cluster to a multi-architecture image and then apply the version upgrade. Multi-architecture clusters are capable of running both x86-based and Arm-based workloads. Clusters created after 25 July, 2024 are multi-architecture enabled by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your control plane is not currently multi-architecture enabled, the upgrade process first migrates the cluster to a multi-architecture image and then applies the version upgrade. Multi-architecture clusters are capable of running both `x86_64` and `arm64` architecture workloads. Clusters created after 25 July, 2024 are multi-architecture enabled by default. 
```

Reviewer: - https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#bit-64-arm
- https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#x86_64
- https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-hyphens#compound-words
SSG says to write it like this. In lieu of this guidance, and also since IBMSG says to avoid hyphenating things unnecessarily, I would avoid using the "-based" phrasing, and just call them architectures.

Author: We derive the "Arm-based" instance type identifier from AWS:
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/06/aws-codebuild-arm-based-workloads-graviton3/
